explain how flow control can be used (#113)
ietf-wg-scone/scone: draft-ietf-scone-protocol.md

clients are provided with manifests that allow them to
adjust the bitrate and quality of media segments
based on available network capacity.
For such applications, the most straightforward way to keep within the
throughput advice is to communicate the advised limit to the sending peer, so
that the peer can adapt its sending behavior.

Alternatively, when such direct rate adaptation by the sending peer is not
available, a receiver might control the release of the flow control credit (see
{{Section 4 of QUIC}}) to indirectly constrain the peer's sending rate. By doing
so, the receiver can keep the peer's sustained sending rate within the advised
limit and reduce the likelihood of triggering network enforcement using

> congestion signals. This approach may reduce average throughput, but for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
congestion signals. This approach can be imprecise, as the delays in communicating
flow control credit can reduce throughput well below target rates and loss recovery
can cause rates to exceed targets. For some applications, like
```
